First pass - Documentation improvement (#548)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: docs/concepts/cluster_queue.md

A ClusterQueue is a cluster-scoped object that governs a pool of resources
such as CPU, memory, and hardware accelerators. A ClusterQueue defines:
- The [resource _flavors_](/docs/concepts/resource_flavor.md) that the ClusterQueue manages,
  with usage limits and order of consumption.

> - Fair sharing rules across the tenants of the cluster.

Reviewer: across the multiple ClusterQueues in the cluster.

For each resource, you can define quotas for multiple _flavors_.
Flavors represent different variations of a resource (for example, different GPU

> models). A flavor is defined using a [ResourceFlavor object](/docs/concepts/resource_flavor.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
models). You can define a flavor using a [ResourceFlavor object](/docs/concepts/resource_flavor.md).
```

models). You can define a flavor using a [ResourceFlavor object](/docs/concepts/resource_flavor.md).

In a process called [admission](README.md#admission), Kueue assigns to the

> [Workload Pod Sets](workload.md#pod-sets) a flavor for each resource the pod set

Reviewer: PodSet is not a top level object, so you can say pod sets or `podSets`

apiVersion: kueue.x-k8s.io/v1alpha2
kind: ClusterQueue
metadata:

>   name: cluster-queue

Reviewer: I think we can keep this one. The name attempts to reflect that there is one just one cluster queue in this cluster. Otherwise, change the name in line 17, to keep names consistent.

Author: I'll change the name in line 17... I prefer the more descriptive name.

## What's next?

> - Create [local queues](/docs/concepts/local_queue.md)

Reviewer: I would also add a link to Create resource flavors.
Admins might choose to create flavors and cluster queues in any order. Better cross link.
